Update README.md (#64)
SAP-docs/contribution-guidelines: README.md

This repository contains the Contribution Guidelines documentation, which itself is released for external contributions. You can learn how to contribute by reading the [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

> You can browse the documentation directly in the [`docs/`](docs/) directory in this repository, or read the content on the [SAP Help Portal](https://help.sap.com/viewer/contribution-guidelines/1.0/en-US/readme.html?q=contribution%20guidelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can browse the documentation directly in the [`docs/`](docs/) directory in this repository, or on the [SAP Help Portal](https://help.sap.com/webcomponents/products/open-documentation-initiative/contribution-guidelines/readme.html).
```
